# Project Title: Used Car Inspection System with Car Scanner

1. Overview: The demand for used cars is becoming the norm in today’s society as prices for new cars are skyrocketing. According to Popli (2021), the average new-car price hit $41,044 in July, a jump of 17%. One of the factors that determine the value of a used car is its inspection report. Our client, Geely, has a 3D car exterior scanner which is capable of thoroughly checking a used car and generating quantitative data on said car’s condition. However, due to the convolution of the data generated and the fact that not all used car customers are well versed in the inner workings of a car, there exists an information gap between the customers and the sellers. Hence, our group was tasked by Geely to develop a software that is able to display the comparisons results of used cars to bridge the informational gap that may only intensify with the introduction of their 3D scanner.

2. Purpose: 
- Providing a reliable platform that contains simple and easy ways to obtain used car information. The website has 2 different user interfaces, one for customers who would want to search for used cars. 
- Enable customers to search, compare, and filter on different used cars and view the inspection report generated to identify the damaged parts of the car.
- Enable used car admins to manage the site and database of the system
- The aim of the website is to provide reliable and transparent inspection reports to users on a consistent basis.
3. Problem Specification: As mentioned prior, an inspection report for a used car is important in a dealership but there exists an asymmetric information gap between dealers and buyers which could potentially enable corrupted car inspectors to wrongly evaluate the condition of the car for their own personal gain. Also, customers struggle to find reliable sources that provide sufficient data and information required when choosing a used car. Besides that, raw data generated by the car scanner is not easily understandable nor is it user-friendly and requires a comprehensive knowledge on cars beforehand to even understand it.

4. Objectives of Project:
- To digitise used car dealerships by building a simple and accessible website.
- To ensure that accurate, transparent and quality data are generated in the form of an inspection report for the used car customers.
- To allow customers to compare and filter to search for their desired used car.
5. Operating Environment: The website should be accessible and operable via any device that has a web browser application and has access to the internet. No matter the device, operating system or even the web browser application used, the website will be able to function similarly without the need of installing additional softwares or applications.
